DONE
cli and simple web, and css versions now work - done
disable cards when checkboxes are toggled - done
Make take card from market, take all camels and take goods unavailable after taking multiple cards - added if statements to
check market length. - done
 prevent market from being overfilled if already at 5 - done
 position checkboxes over cards when toggled - done
 PROBLEMS AFTER turbo
 1. clicking on take_all_camels appears to call take_card without sending the card id - done
 2. clicking on take_card when it is a camel takes all camels but does not change turn - done
 3. exchanging goods for tokens - does not redirect - done
 4. exchange button does not toggle after a change of turn - isolate conditions then fix - done
5. messages not always displaying - think it because i need to call a rerender instead of redirect. - no - ihad to change to AJAX in the multi-select controller. Almost working - messages for cards to market are not displaying now. everything else works...i think - restarted server - done
6. Occasionaly card has no id when it goes to take card method. - it appears methods are being called after chage turn when the id has disappeared.
This is usually triggered by take all camels. It is any action followed by take all camels. take all camels works on first go. Updated to button_tag. - done
7. game over is not functioning as it should - done
8. there is still some strange caching of actions, posibly after an error. - done
3. Fix issue where a player can take a card instead of submitting to the market and end turn - done
1. Style index page more - done
index fonts - done
index spacing - done
style instructions - done
2. add some css animations - did some for alerts and camels. - done
5. implement stimulus to improve UI - done
6. implement hot wire and turbo streams to just update parts of the screen - done

To do
1. fix issue where players can cheat by reloading the page  - need to test this issue first. I think they may be able to take multiple actions - done - i think
2. adjust camel icon to be smaller, but not too small - done - its ok

3. use stimulus for picking up and putting down cards, starting a go, ending a go
4. add alerts as clues about what the other player is doing
5. add aimations to make the border gold and glint - check tailwind
6. use stimuls to implement dragging of cards to locations, rather than using textboxes
7. implement action cable and websockets for multiplayer.
8. add music
9. add sound fx
10. improve flash notices
11. render a stats page on game over
12. think of other ways to tap into the competative element.
13. replace green backdound with something more resembling a card table or a scroll

14. add the rounds and the maharajah's token
15. add loading and saving


improvements to UI
consider a count of goods tokens rather than displaying all of them - or overlapping them (which is hard and will require more googling and possibly a tutorial)
consider displaying a current number of tokens for both players to the display to add to the feeling of competition
